Now, John, you've gotta wear clothes
in proportion to your physique.
There are definite dos and don'ts,
good buddy,
of wearing a bold-striped shirt.
A bold-striped shirt
calls for solid colored
or discretely patterned suits and ties.
Yes, always tip the stylist 15%.
Listen, John, I've got to go.
T. Boone Pickens just walked in.
Just joking.
No, don't tip the owner of the salon.
Okay, John. Right… got it.
Sorry about that.
No, I'm sorry.
I should've made an appointment.
Was that anything important?
Oh, that?
Just mulling over business problems,
examining opportunities,
exchanging rumors,
spreading gossip.
Hi. I'm Donald Kimball.
Hi, Pat Bateman. Nice to meet you.
Sorry to barge in on you like this.
I know how busy you guys can get.
So, what's the, uh…
topic of discussion?
I've been hired by Meredith Powell
to investigate the disappearance
of Paul Allen.
I see, uh…
Paul's disappearance, yeah.
So it's nothing that official.
I just have some basic questions
about Paul Allen,
- about yourself—
- Coffee?
No, I'm okay.
- Apollinaris?
- No, I'm okay.
[beeps]
Can you bring Mr.—
- Kimball.
- Mr. Kimball a bottle of Apollin—
- No, really, I'm okay.
- It's no problem.
So, what's the topic of discussion?
The disappearance of Paul Allen.
Right.
Well, I haven't—
I haven't heard anything about
the disappearance or anything,
not on Page Six at least.
I think his family wants this kept quiet.
Understandable. Lime?
No, no, really, I'm okay.
You sure? I can always get you a lime.
Just some preliminary questions
that I need for my own files, okay?
Shoot.
- How old are you?
- 27.
Where did you go to school?
Harvard, then Harvard Business School.
Your address?
The American Gardens building,
West 81st Street.
Nice. Very nice.
Thanks.
What can you tell me about Paul Allen?
I'm at a loss.
He was part of that whole Yale thing.
- "Yale thing"?
- Yeah, Yale thing.
What do you mean, "Yale thing"?
Well, I think for one that
he was probably a closet homosexual
who did a lot of cocaine.
That "Yale thing."
What kind of man was he?
Besides the information
you've just given me.
I hope I'm not being cross-examined here.
Do you feel like that?
No, not really.
Where did Paul hang out?
- Hang out?
- Yeah, you know, hang out.
Let me think.
The Newport, Harry's,
Flutie's, Indochine,
Nell's, the Cornell Club,
the New York Yacht Club.
He had a yacht?
No, he just hung out there.
And where did he go to school?
Don't you know this?
I just wanted to know if you know.
Before Yale, if I remember correctly,
Saint Paul's.
Listen, I just—
I just want to help.
I understand.
Do you have any witnesses or fingerprints?
Well, there's a message
on his answering machine
that says he went to London.
Maybe he did, huh?
- His girlfriend doesn't think so.
- But has anyone seen him in London?
- Actually, yes.
- Hmm.
But I've had a hard time
getting actual verification.
A Stephen Hughes said
he saw him at a restaurant there.
But I checked it out and what happened is
he mistook a Hubert Ainsworth
for Paul, so…
Had his apartment been burglarized?
No, actually it hadn't.
Toiletries were missing, a suit was gone,
so was some luggage. That's it.
I mean, no one's dealing with
the homicide squad yet or anything, right?
No, not yet. As I said, we're not sure.
Basically,
no one's seen or heard anything.
So typical, isn't it?
It's just strange.
One day someone's walking around,
going to work, alive, and then—
Nothing.
People just disappear.
The earth just opens up and swallows them.
Eerie.
Really eerie.
Listen, you'll have to excuse me.
I have a lunch meeting with Cliff Huxtable
at the Four Seasons in 20 minutes.
The Four Seasons?
Isn't that a little far uptown?
I mean, aren't you going to be late?
No, there's one down here.
- Oh, really? I didn't know that.
- Yes. It's very good.
Listen,
if anything else occurs to you,
any information—
Absolutely. I'm 100% with you.
Great, and…
thanks for your time, Mr. Bateman.
- Bye-bye.
- [Jean] Good-bye.